readme updates (#57)
DukeRobotics/robosub-ros-docker: README.md

# Duke Robotics Club - RoboSub ROS Docker

![Build Status](https://github.com/dukerobotics/robosub-ros-docker/workflows/build/badge.svg)
![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/dukerobotics/robosub-ros)

We are a Duke University club competing in the RoboSub Competition. Check out [our website](https://duke-robotics.com).

This repo contains our Dockerfiles and instructions for how to build them, in support of our main [robosub-ros](https://github.com/DukeRobotics/robosub-ros) repo. If you're looking to use these images to run our code, check out the main repo.

> Our images are automatically built and pushed to [our Docker Hub repo](https://hub.docker.com/r/dukerobotics/robosub-ros) using GitHub CI/CD.

Reviewer: Technically, the name is Github Actions, CI/CD usually refers to Gitlab.

Also, is it Docker Hub or Dockerhub or dockerhub? (Git Hub vs Github vs github).

Author: Made the change.

It's actually Docker Hub. I was surprised too. [https://hub.docker.com/](https://hub.docker.com/)

## Our images

> - `base` - built from NVIDIA's images to fix their incorrect architecture tagging

Reviewer: Technically, the base image for amd64 is the stock image of Ubuntu that is published by Docker. However, I don't know how to better word this.

Author: I tried a new way to word, let me know if I should try again.

- [`core`](core) - built on `base`, never run, contains common components for `onboard` and `landside`
- [`onboard`](onboard) - built on `core`, run on the robot itself
- [`landside`](landside) - built on `core`, run on the landside computer during a pool test

## Building manually

:warning: Our automatic build means that **you should almost never need to do a manual build.** But if you do, read on.

> Since we need to build our Dockerfile for multiple platforms (x86 for most computers and ARM for the NVIDIA Jetson TX2), we use the `buildx` command, which allows us to build for multiple platforms at the same time. [More information on buildx](https://docs.docker.com/buildx/working-with-buildx/).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Since we need to build our Dockerfile for multiple platforms (x86 for most computers and ARM for the NVIDIA Jetson TX2), we use the `buildx` command, which allows us to build for multiple platforms simultaneously. [More information on buildx](https://docs.docker.com/buildx/working-with-buildx/).
```

Author: Done.
